# WhatTheCTF 2020 archive

This is an archive of the solved challenges from AFNOM's WhatTheCTF 2020.

In here are all the scripts for running the challenges, including docker
infractructure, as well as the `challenge.json`'s managed by
[ctftool](https://github.com/jedevc/mini-ctf-tool).

Enjoy!

## License

All of our challenges are licensed under the MIT license. Go ahead and use
these, modify them, distribute them, whatever - as long as you make it clear
that you borrowed some of the code from us! See `LICENSE.txt` for more info.

## Categories

Our challenges our organized into a number of different categories.

### Binary

Found in the `binary` folder, our binary challenges encompass a range of
binary exploitation and reverse engineering challenges.

These challenges are mostly on the easier end, however, great care has been
taken to ensure that they're doable at a beginner level by having some
unusual python and nodejs exploitation with `anti` and `remember-the-past`,
as well as some java reverse engineering with `slooow` and classic pwn with
`memo_pad`.

### Cracking

Found in the `cracking` folder, we've got a number of classic password
cracking challenges. These challenges will stretch your knowledge of hashcat,
needing you to use custom wordlists, rules, etc.

The challenges range from easy to reasonably challenging.

### Cryptography

Found in the `crypto` folder, we've got only one easy crypto challenge. None
of the others were actually solved during the CTF, so we're saving the rest
of them for another time...

### Networks

Found in the `networks` folder, there are a number of random pcaps scattered
around.

There's some really creative out of the box thinking in some of these
challenges, like the remarkably odd `backthehox` and `suspicious` challenges.
Some of them are fairly tricky though...

### Steganography

Found in the `steg` folder, this was our most solved category this year!

There's some really clever and unusual files in this section, including some
nasty audio challenges, and lots of images hiding something beyond the
surface... Definitely recommend `cacophany` if you enjoy pain and suffering.

### Web

Found in the `web` folder, we have some much more traditional challenges.

Nothing here is particularly challenging, as we held back some of the
particularly evil and nasty chals we wrote this year. However, it will quiz
your on the basics, like SQL injections in `vault`, path traversals in `wine`
and random knowledge in `banana-town` and `roboticists`.

### Miscellaenous

Found in the `misc` folder, we have some of our absolute favourite challenges.

Misc challenges are always our favourite to write, as you can kind of write
whatever you want. Definitely give these a go, whether it's the intriguing
`shashell`, the very annoying `russian_os`, or the amusing `dead_beef`.
